Update list_to_map processor in Data Prepper (#6382)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/list-to-map.md

Option | Required | Type | Description
:--- | :--- | :--- | :---
`source` | Yes | String | The list of objects with `key` fields to be converted into keys for the generated map.
`target` | No | String | The target for the generated map. When not specified, the generated map will be placed in the root node.

> `key` | No | String | The key of the fields to be extracted as keys in the generated mappings. Must be specified if `use_source_key` is `false`.

Reviewer: For the required (second) column, this has "No". But, some of our documents state "Conditionally" when the value is sometimes required. Maybe we should change that.

> `key` | No | String | The key of the fields to be extracted as keys in the generated mappings. Must be specified if `use_source_key` is `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`key` | Conditionally | String | The key of the fields to be extracted as keys in the generated mappings. Must be specified if `use_source_key` is `false`.
```

> `use_source_key` | No | Boolean | When `true`, keys in the generated map will use original keys from the source. Default is false.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`use_source_key` | No | Boolean | When `true`, keys in the generated map will use original keys from the source. Default is `false`.
```

`value_key` | No | String | When specified, values given a `value_key` in objects contained in the source list will be extracted and converted into the value specified by this option based on the generated map. When not specified, objects contained in the source list retain their original value when mapped.

> `extract_value` | No | Boolean | When `true`, values in objects from the source list will be extracted and put into the generated map. Otherwise, objects from the source list will be put into the generated map. Default is `false`

Reviewer 2: Do objects end up in the `generated map` no matter what, despite the value of the boolean? What's the difference between `true` and `false`, when the values are extracted versus place directly into the map?

Author: If this boolean is false (no extraction), the objects end up in the generated map; if false, the values from the object will be extracted, so only the values end up in the generated map.

For example, if my input is:
```json
"mylist": [
    {
      "name": "a",
      "value": "val-a"
    },
    {
      "name": "b",
      "value": "val-b"
    }
]
```
and the processor config is:
```yaml
    - list_to_map:
        source: "mylist"
        use_source_key: true
        extract_value: false
```
I will get these output added. The objects end up in the generated map as is:
```json
{
  "name": ["a", "b"],
  "value": [
      {
        "name": "a",
        "value": "val-a"
      },
      {
        "name": "b",
        "value": "val-b"
      }
    ]
}
```

But if extract_value is set to true, I will get the values extracted from original objects like this:
```json
{
  "name": ["a", "b"],
  "value": ["val-a", "val-b"]
}
```

> `extract_value` | No | Boolean | When `true`, values in objects from the source list will be extracted and put into the generated map. Otherwise, objects from the source list will be put into the generated map. Default is `false`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`extract_value` | No | Boolean | When `true`, values in objects from the source list will be extracted and put into the generated map. When `false`, only the objects from the source list and not the object's values, will be put into the generated map. Default is `false`
```

> `extract_value` | No | Boolean | When `true`, values in objects from the source list will be extracted and put into the generated map. When `false`, objects from the source list are put into the generated map with their values listed the same as they were found in the source list. Default is `false`

Reviewer 3: "object values" instead of "values in objects"? I'm not following "with their values listed the same as they were found in the source list". Do we mean something like "with their values unchanged"?

Reviewer 2: The object values don't change in either context, rather, the way in which the values appear in the generated map. When "extract_value" is set to `false`, the object values appear in the generated map as they were presented in the source, for in a source name `myList`:

```
"mylist": [
    {
      "name": "a",
      "value": "val-a"
    },
```

Would appear as in the generated map: 

```
{
  "name": ["a", "b"],
  "value": [
      {
        "name": "a",
        "value": "val-a"
      },
```

When extract values is set to `true`, the values are extracted from their original objects and in the same line in the generated map:

```
{
  "name": ["a", "b"],
  "value": ["val-a", "val-b"]
}
```

> `extract_value` | No | Boolean | When `true`, values in objects from the source list will be extracted and put into the generated map. When `false`,  objects from the source list are put into the generated map with their values listed the same as they were found in the source list. Default is `false`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`extract_value` | No | Boolean | When `true`, values in objects from the source list will be extracted and put into the generated map. When `false`, objects from the source list are put into the generated map with their values listed the same as they were found in the source list. Default is `false`
```

    "val-c"
  ]
}
```

> ### Example: `use_source_key` and `extract_value` set to true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Example: `use_source_key` and `extract_value` set to `true`
```

The following example `pipeline.yaml` file sets `flatten` to `false`, causing the processor to output values from the generated map as a list:

```yaml
pipeline:
  source:
    file:
      path: "/full/path/to/logs_json.log"
      record_type: "event"
      format: "json"
  processor:
    - list_to_map:
        source: "mylist"
        use_source_key: true
        extract_value: true
  sink:
    - stdout:
```
{% include copy.html %}

> Values from objects in `mylist` are extracted and put into fields with the source keys `name` and `value`, as shown in the following response:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Values from objects in `mylist` are extracted and added to fields with the source keys `name` and `value`, as shown in the following response:
```

> Values from objects in `mylist` are extracted and put into fields with the source keys `name` and `value`, as shown in the following response:

Reviewer 3: "Object values from"?
